Hi again.
Here.
We're going to address an important trick question.
Are you interviewing at other companies?
Sometimes if you are interviewing at other companies, then it's good, to be honest.
It's good to be open.
You do not have to mention what companies you're interviewing at because nothing good can come out of
it.
How is that information going to be useful to your interviewer in any way other than curiosity?
Think about that for a moment, and if you are interviewing, you can always say, yes, I'm interviewing
at one or two or any number of companies.
And this can also create a sense of demand, which means that if you are interviewing at several companies,
then you have the choice.
And if you've done well at your interview, then the chances are that they will start talking about
how great it is to work for them because they will want to offer you the job before any of the other
companies can do that.
And they will want to also give you a better offer.
Right?
So this might come up, it might prove to be useful in negotiations later on.
But if you are not interviewing at other companies, then creating an artificial sense of demand by
saying that you are interviewing, which is allowing itself.
But creating an artificial sense of demand may not be the best approach because if someone feels, oh,
he's interviewing at other companies as well and.
And so he's got a lot of choice.
But if if it works against you, then you'll be left with nothing.
So feel free.
If you're not interviewing at other companies, then at least in my opinion, what has worked for me
and for several people that have coached before is to say, I'm don't answer with a yes or no.
Just say I'm actively looking for a job right now and I'm actively in the market.
I'm pursuing it and I'm happy to do whatever it takes.
So turn it back and.
And say that.
Tell them why you are a good fit for this company.
Don't answer with a straight yes or no, but say that you are actively looking and list out the reasons
why you're a great fit.
Thank you and see you in the next video.